 Brothers and sisters I have none but this man's father is my father's son.Who is the man?

This funny riddle often amuses both kids and adults. The answer is simple - the man is my son. 

 What kind of tree can you carry in your hand?
A palm.

 What can travel around the world while staying in a corner?
A stamp.

 What has a head and a tail, but no body?
A coin

 What has an eye but can not see?
A needle

 Paul's height is six feet, he's an assistant at a butcher's shop, and wears size 9 shoes. What does he weigh?
Meat.

 There was a green house. Inside the green house there was a white house. Inside the white house there was a red house. Inside the red house there were lots of babies. What is it?
Watermelon.

 Which word in the dictionary is spelled incorrectly?
Incorrectly.

 If you have me, you want to share me. If you share me, you haven't got me. What am I?
Secret.


 Feed me and I live, yet give me a drink and I die.
Fire.

 Forward I am heavy, but backward I am not. What am I?
Forward I am ton, backwards I am not.


 He has married many women, but has never been married. Who is he?
A priest.

 Take off my skin - I won't cry, but you will! What am I?
An onion.

 What is at the end of a rainbow?
The letter W.

 What is as light as a feather, but even the world's strongest man couldn't hold it for more than a minute?
His breath

 Which weighs more, a pound of feathers or a pound of bricks?
Neither, they both weigh one pound.

 Two girls were born to the same mother, on the same day, at the same time, in the same month and year and yet they're not twins.
How can this be?
The two babies are two of a set of triplets. 

 If you look at the number on my face you won't find thirteen anyplace.
A clock.

 What is it that's always coming but never arrives?
Tomorrow.

 The eight of us go forth not back to protect our king from a foes attack.
Chess pawns.


What has four fingers and a thumb, but is not living?

Answer: A Glove.

I have keys but no locks. I have a space but no room. You can enter, but can’t go outside. What am I?

Answer: A Keyboard

What flies when it’s born, lies when it’s alive, and runs when it’s dead?
Answer: A Snow Flake

What gets wet when drying?

Answer: A Towel

Every night I’m told what to do, and each morning I do what i’m told. But I still don’t escape your scold.

Answer: An Alarm Clock

Give me food, and I will live. Give me water, and I will die. What Am I?

Answer: Fire

What comes once in a minute, twice in a moment, but never in a thousand years?

Answer: The Letter “M”.

I am a mother and a father, but have never given birth. I’m rarely still, but I never wander. What am I?

Answer: Tree

We hurt without moving. We poison without touching. We bear the truth and the lies. We are not to be judged by our size. What are we?

Answer: Words

I’m always there, some distance away. Somewhere between land or sea and sky I lay. You may move towards me, yet distant I stay.

Answer: The Horizon

Many have heard me, but nobody has seen me, and I will not speak back until spoken to.What am I?
An Echo

Alone I am 24th, with a friend I am 20.Another friend and I am unclean.What am I?
X

1
11
21
1211
111221
312211

What is the next number in the sequence?
13112221

When is 99 more than 100?
A microwave. Generally when you run a microwave for ’99’ it runs for 1 minute and 39 seconds. ‘100’ runs for 1 minute.
 
A window cleaner is cleaning a window on the 25th floor of a skyscraper when, suddenly, he slips and falls. He has no safety equipment and nothing to soften his fall, and yet he is not hurt. How can this be?
He was inside cleaning windows.

16
06
68
88
?
98

What is the ‘?’?
The ‘?’ is ‘L8′. All of the numbers, when read upside down, are the numbers 86 – 91. 

AB = CA - DE
FG = BE - HG
DB = AF - IA
JC = KC - JE
JL = LJ - DK
HE = CG - BI

You need to make above equation correct by replacing letters by number.

A = B = K =6
C =7
D = H = 1,
E=0 ,
F = I = G = 4,
J=3,
L=5
